[DOC] Convert Agent doc to Alloy (#3621)
grafana/pyroscope: docs/sources/configure-client/grafana-agent/ebpf/setup-docker.md

---
title: "Setup eBPF Profiling on Docker"
menuTitle: "Setting up on Docker"
description: "Setting up eBPF Profiling with Grafana Alloy on Docker"
weight: 20
---

# Setup eBPF Profiling on Docker

To set up eBPF profiling with Grafana Alloy on Linux, you need to:

- Verify that your system meets the requirements.

> - Create a Grafana Alloy configuration file. For more information, refer to the [Configuration reference][config-reference].

Author: ```suggestion
- Create an Alloy configuration file. For more information, refer to the [Configuration reference][config-reference].
```

> - Run Grafana Alloy.

Author: ```suggestion
- Run Alloy.
```

docker info | grep Kernel
```

The kernel version must be 4.9 or later.

## Configure Grafana Alloy

> You can configure Grafana Alloy eBPF profiler to profile local containers.

Author: ```suggestion
You can configure Alloy eBPF profiler to profile local containers.
```

}
```

Replace the `<URL>` placeholder with the appropriate server URL.
This could be the Grafana Cloud URL or your own custom Pyroscope server URL.

If you need to send data to Grafana Cloud, you'll have to configure HTTP Basic authentication.
Replace `<User>` with your Grafana Cloud stack user and `<Password>` with your Grafana Cloud API key.

For more information, refer to the [Configure the Grafana Pyroscope data source documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/connect-externally-hosted/data-sources/pyroscope/configure-pyroscope-data-source/).

{{% admonition type="note" %}}
If you're using your own Pyroscope server, you can remove the `basic_auth` section altogether.
{{% /admonition %}}

## Start Grafana Alloy

> To start Grafana Alloy with Docker, run:

Author: ```suggestion
To start Alloy with Docker, run:
```

```shell
docker run \
  -v $PWD/alloy.config:/etc/alloy/alloy.config \
  -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
  --pid=host \
  --privileged \
  -p 12345:12345 \
  grafana/alloy:latest \
    run --server.http.listen-addr=0.0.0.0:12345 /etc/alloy/alloy.config
```

> {{< admonition type="note >}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{< admonition type="note" >}}
```
